Question 1: 
Assuming that the SRR numbers is sequential samples of gut microbiota throughout the week, the most abundant genus is the Enterococcus genus with an eearly prescence of Staphylococcus and Cutibacterium comprising a relatively significant portion of the microbiome at ~20% ecah. Later, the cutibacterium genus is eliminated to the gut and the Staphylococcus genus declines to roughtly half its previous percentage of the microbiome. Slowly, Staphyloccocus and Cutibacterium increase, where Cutibacterium eventually comprises 1/3 of the gut. 

Question 2:
Contigs can be grouped by the sequence similarity to each other, overlaps in the contigs, their percent alignment to reference genomes, and potentially the length of the contigs as well. 

Question 3
A. 6 bins.

B. The assembly is roughly 36 Mb. Out of the 6 bins: 2.6 + 2.2 + 1.6 + 1.2 + 2.4 + 2.8 = 12.8, which is roughly 36% of the assembly

C. the average size of bacterial genomes is 3.87 Mb, so the bins are smaller than average, which seems about right. 

D. I would estimate how complete a bin is by comparing the size of the bin to the size of the prokaryotic genome it is supposed to represent and calculating the percentage from the two. Additionally to check from contamination, I would check the alignment of the binned contigs to the predominant prokaryotic genome within the bin and measure the sequence alignment %. 

Question 4:
A. Going off the most abundant genus/species in each bin
Bin 1: Staphyloccocus haemolyticus
Bin 2: Leuconostoc citreum
Bin 3: Staphylococcus lugdunensis
Bin 4: Enterococcus faecalis
Bin 5: Cutibacterium avidum
Bin 6: Staphylococcus epidermis
Bin 7: Staphylococcus aureuus
Bin 8: Anaerococcus prevotii

B. There are likely that there are genes that are conserved across species, but have specific mutations that diverge  species. I would first identify these essential genes and their sequences across multiple species, then align each bin to these genes to identify the species. 

Question 5: I think the genome abundances match the taxonomy distributions because Enterococcus is highly prevalent at all sample timepoints. While Staphylococcus and Cutibacterium appear in only in some timepoints with medium level abundance. What is surprising and different is moderate prescence of Anaerococcus prevotii in three of the samples. However it is important to note that this particular bin (8) had a large variety of different species, which may partially explain why it is not noticeable in the taxonomy distributions. 